Chi
Miss Qu said he wants to redeem you
According to your current price
He has to pay me 500,000 liquidated damages
I'll pay you liquidated damages
You come out of the suit
No need, Miss Qu's money should be spent by yourself
Miss Xu, you said that your fiancé was murdered
You didn't stay at home with him, but came to the hospital to visit Chi
Is that appropriate?
What's wrong with that?
Said I'd give you a name
Do what you say
On a date.
Even if you are
Can't you get shot too?
Afraid of being stupid to kill the drone?
Hmph
I'm really missing
Wait a minute, you two are sure you are on the same channel
You go out first
I need to talk to you.
OK
Are you unhappy?
Nope.
Your eyes tell me
You are lying!